Add missing meta descriptions (#180)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/whats-new.txt

.. meta::
   :keywords: update, new feature, deprecation, upgrade, driver v2.6, driver v2.7, driver v2.8

>    :description: Discover new features, improvements, and fixes in recent versions of the Rust Driver, including encryption, authentication, and API changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Discover new features, improvements, and fixes in recent versions of the MongoDB Rust Driver.
```
